Han units Israeli strikes targeted
several locations the injured were
rushed to the few remaining health
centers in the besieged city the morg at
Naser hospital is full the dead are
buried in a Harry not in a cemetery but
the hospital
[Applause]
compound the Israelis are firing their
bullets on the door of the mall the
Israelis shot everyone they kill
everyone
the bombardment of Han unun has forced
tens of thousand to seek refuge in ra
those lucky enough to survive the
Israeli strikes in north and Central
Gaza go to overcrowded camps in Rafa
there is no help for them there but they
feel anywhere is safer than kanun and
Gaza City isra strikes hit a residential
building in the city the victims were
mostly women and children
we were sitting at home and all of a
sudden a strike hit the nearby mosque
the whole area close to it was destroyed
the occupation claims that Rafa is a
safe Zone we came to Rafa based on the
occupation's instructions that it was a
safe Zone only to discover that it's
just like the other areas it's targeted
without prior warning and without
informing people to
evacuate with no signs of an end to the
Israeli Onslaught civilians will
continue to pay a heavy price H mm Al
jaaz ra Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz